# MSMC Recruitment Firms // 287.5017u
One month after passing their individual evaluations with flying colors, the soon-to-meet squad **SKOSS** is given their first assignment: to escort a **UNION** science team to retrieve a Monolith, an esoteric artifact that could lead to the discovery of further Old Humanity-era technology. It was a hastily put-together, near-suicide mission considering all potential hostile parties involved.

The deployed detachment is larger than usual, composed entirely of exceptional but untested individuals who had emerged out of the blue all at once, along with **OAXACA** who had just returned to the field. With the urgent nature of the mission, severely limited intel, and all of **MSMC**'s more reliable detachments occupied with other work, these new talents were the only appropriate assets.

Entering stasis-sleep, they're shipped off to convene then depart for the **ANNAMITE LINE** within 4 days.

# MSMC Transport Carrier // 292.5017u
The squad awake from stasis and leave for **NARIPHON** from the closest **UNION** blinkgate. **NARIPHON** is a rare spire world - a planet comprised of countless floating islands, each held aloft in a gaseous substrate and suspended through magnetic force. Most of the remaining landmass is disconnected, and navigation systems are almost useless. 

**KESTREL**'s briefing was concise and to the point. The science team would descend into the depths of the nitrogen ocean using a specialized submersible, while the Lancers would provide security and protection from any potential threats. Communications with command would be scarce due to interference, but they would issue messages or warnings when they could.

To make use of what limited time they had, the squad is taken into a combat-oriented training session. The team-building exercise was an attempt to have the unfamiliar group gel together, at least somewhat. 

# MSMC Transport Carrier // 293.5017u
Despite being seemingly thrown to the wolves, strings had been pulled to get everyone accredited for **LL2** remarkably early in their careers, hence expectations for great returns on the company's investment. **WANDERER** and **SCAPEGOAT** were extolled in particular for having authentic war experience, whereas the others simply displayed an outstanding capacity for strategic combat.

This was evident from their individual performances in their milkruns, as well as the makeshift cohesion demonstrated in their first Virtual Training session. This virtual sitrep is notorious within **MSMC** as their favorite hustle on new personnel - it's rigged to be practically impossible, meant to serve a 'confidence drainer' to make recruits tend towards overperformance than complacency. Despite being unable to achieve victory, they had gotten incredibly close to succeeding and remained shockingly in-tact by the end.

The squad is told to enjoy the commodities on the ship while they still can, for they'd arrive at **NARIPHON** within 14 days.

# Nariphon (Sea Level) // 307.5017u
With their final briefing complete, the squad and their charge drop onto the planet surface. Communications with command terminate shortly after breaching its atmosphere, and within 12 hours the group had landed, completed scouting, and formed up a defensive perimeter around the retrieval site. The scientists work briskly over the next 48 hours to complete construction of the dock and specialized submersible.

The squad encountered sniper fire from outside their sensors in the first 24 hours, resulting in **OAXACA** sustaining light damage, and increased vigilance from **SCAPEGOAT** for the remainder of their watch. Ostensibly aware of return fire, hostiles ceased long-range harassment from then onward, until the science team had completed building and began their descent to retrieve the artifact.

# Nariphon (Sea Level) // 309.5017u
Immediately upon the science team's descent, hostile forces revealed themselves to surround the squad and take control of the retrieval site. Enemy melee units attempted shock tactics but were met with composed resistance and quickly disposed of. The remaining, more cautious ranged forces were then successfully held at bay in a protracted battle.

The squad suffered moderate damage after having destroyed most of the opposition. As the science team reemerged, communications with command restored with impeccable timing. Allied dropships had arrived and were prepared to receive them, but necessitated landing several kilometres off their mark in order to evade enemy anti-air.

With what little time they had bought themselves, the squad swiftly prepare for the trek ahead, with the artifact in tow and their charge to be protected.